Now that we've seen the four different types of resources that we're going to have floating around our
app, we're going to take a look at some of the different services that we're going to design to manage
each of these things.
So in total, we're going to end up with five different services.
We're going to have an authentication service which we will call simply off.
This service is going to be charge of everything related to a user authentication.
So the sign up process, sign in, sign out and so on.
Next up, we're going to have a tickets service.
As you guess, this is going to be related to any kind of ticket creation or editing.
This ticket service is going to know everything about a given ticket.
So it's going to know its price.
It's going to know whether or not a ticket can be updated and so on.
Next we will have an order service very similar to tickets.
The order service will be in charge of creating a ticket or editing a ticket in any way whatsoever.
Next up, we're going to have an exploration service.
This is going to be a very simple service.
It's going to watch for any time an order gets created.
Any time an order is created, it's then going to attempt to cancel that order after 15 minutes has
elapsed if a user has not already entered in some payment information.
And then finally we'll have a payment service.
And once again, as you'd guess, this is going to handle credit card payments.
If a user enters in some credit card information and we successfully charge their card, we're going
to mark the accompanying order that is tied to that payment as succeeding.
Otherwise, if for some reason the order is canceled or if the order times out, whatever else, we're
going to make sure that we mark a order as failed.
And the accompanying payment is failed as well.
Now, one thing you'll notice right away is that we're essentially creating a separate service to manage
each type of resource.
We have four types of resources, so user ticket order charge, and we have five different services
with the exception of expiration.
Right here we are directly creating one exact service to manage each type of resource.
Now, is this the best approach?
Is this something we should do for every microservices app?
Well, the answer is probably not.
It really comes down to what kind of app you're trying to build, how many different types of resources
you have inside of your application, and the amount of business logic or special handling that is attached
to different every different type of resource.
So in the context of a course, just to keep this app somewhat simple and straightforward and somewhat
easy to understand, it makes a lot of sense for me to show you how to create one service to manage
each type of resource.
But there might be a very different approach that you need to take on your own personal application.
When you start making use of this microservices approach in particular, you might start thinking about
how you could create a service to handle each different feature of your application.
So you might end up with a single microservice to handle, just say, ticket and order creation.
A separate one to handle incoming payments and handle all aspects of payment.
So, for example, making sure that you mark a order as being completed and handle that incoming payment
and then you might have that expiration service tied in to that kind of tickets and ordering thing because
it's all kind of very tightly coupled together.
The point here is that it really doesn't always it should not be your default to say, Oh, here's the
type of resource I'm going to create a single service to manage it.
Instead, it really comes down to your application and you're going to have to put in some thought on
how you're going to design the different services for it.
That's just something I want to throw out there, just to make sure it's really clear that even though
in this course you and I are creating one service per type of resource, maybe that doesn't always make
a ton of sense.
All right.
Just one more quick kind of design video right after this one.
So one more pause and I'll see you in just a minute.